feat: Add missing schema for `x-sap-ext-overview` values (#16)
SAP/openapi-specification: sap-schemas/v3.0/README.md

    | ---------- | -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
    | name       | `String`             | **REQUIRED**. Information title                     |

>     | values     | `String` or `Object` | **REQUIRED**. Object type MAY contain any structure |

Reviewer: @pavelkornev : Do we still allow values to be a simple string as well? 

This also states "Object type MAY contain any structure" and below we state how it "may" look. 

I think we need to state this stronger, as there's only certain structures that are understood by the Business Hub. 

Maybe like so:

```suggestion
    | values     | `String` or `Object` | **REQUIRED**. Object MUST follow the structure like described below |
```

>   - Values may be an object of the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Values MUST be either a primitive string or an object of the following structure:
```
